hello everyone
on the wire caruso came home from work
those goats that I cleaned yesterday
Today, April 27, flow about which I
I will feel yesterday
We are preparing today were tired
today is monday too now girls
boys car wipe you
today is monday leaving here this
qotsa which opens only here
midi da garden cows tortured to bergen and
pepper
and here now will be spaghetti
from there added red hot pepper
garlic of god when i talk about garlic
me drooling I do some
abnormal woman because then
only I need the only woman in the world
who likes to dream like water
de a king from stroking dresses here
there is some water already on shit
water on disk c a little is a wonderful gift
razmerchik we have rain today
taught me simply i will borrow me very
even cold is unusual after
football look at it in the jacket
pale
add rights bear
across the river
across the river across the river across the river
most
and the river
in the house as with you met the dawn
remember just years wave immediately and evil and
like all eyes saying God is not like that
was only heard there to a boy remember
how our hands caressed the flowers remember how
our hum you burn you remember how he
cool donate remember me and you
beyond the river beyond the river
across the river yuzal and sing
river across the river
fly away across the river
You know, I still